what we've covered so far.
All right. So, let's move on to functions.
So, what are, um, what are functions- Uh, functions allow you to
group a bunch of code together, so you may reuse it in your project.
And, uh, this is what makes it so powerful.
Um, let's actually, um, look at a real code.
something that I've, um...
that, uh, I've been working on.
All right. So, um...
Let's see, uh, any of the Python code.
of this project that I have. It has to do with, uh...
I mean, it's extracting fundamental data from the stock market.
Okay, so you see here-
Any of the code... and this is an actual production code.
Um, uh...
If you see any of...
an actual Python applications,
Uh, you'll see that it normally consists of
real, like, many functions, right- We like to divide
Um, our code into functions, because that makes it...
Uh, that makes our code easily manageable.
Because it has... it has those distinctions. It makes our code modular, like, you can copy and paste
some code into other parts when needed, or you don't even need to do that. You can just import the code and reuse it on other parts.
And it also makes your code more easily readable.
Like you see here, I can create a code.
And then I... I'm gonna, uh... and then I added, um...
some information about that code, and this part is called a code command.
Um, it doesn't run anything, but it...
tells us, as humans,
well, an AI- Like, what's this code-
is going to do, and what it's gonna return.
Right- Okay.
So it's very useful, and you're gonna see it very often when you're working with Python for real.
Okay, so function has a function definition part. It has
positional arguments and keyword arguments, in this case, it has two positional arguments,
And one keyword argument.
It also has a good function, also have duck strings.
Basically, it's a documentation, and you saw that earlier, too, in my actual production code, right-
And then the function code itself-
And then this is how...
you can call a function.
So notice here, the function is called filterByMonth.
And this is how you call that function.
Filter by month, and you're passing in data and months, and you might be asking, how about show summary-
Well, since this is a keyword argument,
If the user doesn't pass anything,
then it's going to be, um, treated.
a default value is going to be set for it. In this case.
of false. Okay.
So...
I hope I can run this code.
Let's see...
Yeah. Okay.
And, um, I'm gonna need to...
Okay, this code, um, cannot run, because, like, it expects...
Um, a pandas...
data frame, which is something that we're gonna learn later on.
But, um, let's... let's just use a simpler function.
Let's say we have...
Data...
And we have a pro...
1, 2, 3...
May...
4, 5, 6, okay-
Very simple.
And filtered data, is this data...
And we get the value of months.
Let's just remove the keyword argument for now.
And we just return filtered data.
Okay.
And I can just remove this.
And I could change this to crit, for example, or even not without, uh, or even removing
this part here.
So, what it does is that it calls this function,
And, um...
it's gonna get the value of data, and you can even pass it
Um, if I... if I replace it with D, for example.
it's still gonna work, because, like, um, this is gonna be, like, the alias of the...
The variable that you passed into the... into this function.
Okay.
the outputs...
Um, the output of a function is then passed into
Um, into the color.
And this is... this is the part where it passes the... it passes the...
the value, and we print them. We print that value out.
Okay. So, next, um, regarding variable scopes...
variables defined in a function,
lives only within that function.
So, for example, if we have...
You have this function, some function word hello,
Hello is only defined within
Um, within this function.
So, printing it is going to return an error.
We define a word.
Uh, if we define a variable,
Outside of that function,
It's gonna show it. Okay-
Make sense-
Okay, so, um, you can...
you can, um, run the print statement inside of that function, because this means, like, the scope
is the same, so the word here...
it works, um...
it... it works inside...
that function.
So, when you do this...
And I call that function,
That is gonna... that's gonna run.
Okay- Alright.
But that's all you need to know about variable scope. It's just like when you write your code,
Um, be careful about, like, how...
Um, the variables are scoped.